Clarify FUTURE crypto-policy (#2330)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_system-requirements.adoc

[NOTE]
====
{Project} supports DEFAULT and FIPS crypto-policies.

> The FUTURE crypto-policy is not supported for {Project} and {SmartProxy} installations. The FUTURE policy is a stricter forward-looking security level intended for testing a possible future policy. For more information, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/security_hardening/using-the-system-wide-cryptographic-policies_security-hardening[Chapter 4. Using system-wide cryptographic policies].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FUTURE crypto-policy is not supported for {Project} and {SmartProxy} installations. 
The FUTURE policy is a stricter forward-looking security level intended for testing a possible future policy. 
For more information, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/security_hardening/using-the-system-wide-cryptographic-policies_security-hardening[Using system-wide cryptographic policies] in {EL} guide.
```

Author: Thanks, I've updated the PR.
